daemonize: add page (#3228)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/daemonize.md

# daemonize

> Run a command (that does not daemonize itself) as a Unix daemon.
> More information: <http://software.clapper.org/daemonize/>.

> - Run command as a daemon:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Run a command as a daemon:
```

`daemonize {{command}} {{command_arguments}}`

> - Run command as a daemon, writing its pid to the specified file:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Writing the pid to the specified file:
```

Also, is there a long form of this argument (`-p`) and the ones in the following examples? In tldr pages we prefer long-form options, as they are more descriptive.

Author: Unfortunately, `daemonize` doesn't have long-form alternate options, per its man page.

`daemonize -p {{path/to/pidfile}} {{command}} {{command_arguments}}`

> - Run command as a daemon, using a lockfile to ensure only one instance runs at a time:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Use a lock file to ensure that only one instance runs at a time:
```

`daemonize -l {{path/to/lockfile}} {{command}} {{command_arguments}}`

> - Run command as a daemon, as the specified user:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Use the specified user account:
```
